/*


--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.7   ####

*** General ***

- CVar "outcast_keepmorphs" has been added and enabled by default.
When enabled, you keep all morph items in your inventory when morphing,
but you also keep your health percentage. Disabling this returns the old
behavior of only being able to change monsters when ranking up or respawning,
and always resetting health to full when doing so.


*** Heretic***

- D'Sparil can no longer telefrag when teleporting with altfire


*** Strife ***

- Tome-powered rifle bullet (Rebel, Acolyte and Macil) damage increased by 20%
(it is now exactly twice the damage from the non-powered rifle)


*** Virus***

- Meshwalker can now move slowly (20% of normal speed) while firing

- Significantly sped up the Felix weapon change (altfire)



--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.5   ####

1.5b: bugfixes

- Fixed Acolyte tip message also showing on later ranks

- Fixed keeping Land Carrier's Air Carrier summon after changing class

- Fixed the exploit on D'Sparil, Entity and Land Carrier where suiciding while
frozen could then unfreeze you in the spawn state, allowing you to run through
maps invulnerable and untargetable



*** General ***

- Dynamic damagefactors have been implemented separately for each class.
You have a base damagefactor and it is increased by a fixed amount each rank.
See CVarInfo to read more on this. This is particularly useful for Survival.
Damagefactors are only applied in cooperative modes, and are enabled by default.

- Bandwidth usage from the main HUD script should be considerably lower now

- Players cannot pick up another Tome of Power if they have done so in the last
10 seconds. This makes it much easier to share Tomes particularly when multiple
spawn on the same spot (i.e. replacing BFG). Thanks to WaTaKiD for this idea!


*** Hexen ***

- Chaos Serpents, Zedek, Traductus and Menelkir morphs should no longer mess the
automatic morph order sync online, notably happened with higher packet loss.

- Fixed Wendigo projectiles missing the puff trail

- Zedek, Traductus, Menelkir and Korax can now strafe, but at half strafe speed.

- Korax projectiles are now much easier to hit as they are properly adjusted to
be aimed at enemies in your crosshair


*** Strife ***

- Sigil 5 offshots have limited lifespan now, hopefully reducing FPS lag on
insanely large areas and/or with spread rune (you still probably don't want to
shoot it with sv_fastweapons 2...)

- Fixed being able to keep the path-chooser morphs after a level change


*** Virus ***

- The Virus class has been added! Its monsters are all around the toughest, but
also the slowest of any class, and their damage is slightly higher than Doom's.

- Currently, none of the Virus monsters have HUD sprites for their weapons; most
of them have no hands or weapons that can be seen in first person at all anyway.



--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.4   ####

*** General ***

- All species changing mistakes should finally be corrected for Terminator.
Players with radius damage can still hurt each other but there is nothing to
gain from doing so. Suiciding should be disabled for this gamemode to avoid
purposely denying the Terminator a frag, too.

- Every instance of A_FadeOut was made to fully fade out the actor manually
instead of relying on the function itself to remove the actor automatically.
This should fix the massive FPS drops seemingly caused by the Wraithverge on
large levels. Not sure how I never noticed this, but it shouldn't happen anymore

- sv_fastweapons 2 would freeze the game whenever spawning, since it skips all
weapon frames without codepointers, and the spawn class weapon's states had NO
codepointers... I really let this one slide through. A_RailWait takes care of it

- Fixed bots not receiving a species change unless they were Strife (i.e. they
couldn't harm each other). Gotta love typos


*** Heretic ***

- Iron Lich's ice shards are now shot slightly downwards like the original

- Maulotaur now moves slightly faster (45% instead of 40% speed)


*** Hexen ***

- Added a check on the Heresiarch's script so his cubes should no longer spin
faster than normal as was happening occasionally






--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.3   ####

v1.3 -> v1.31: fixed Terminator species change bug

v1.31 -> v1.32: fixed Terminator round winners only appearing to the Terminator,
and another minor species change bug. Increased the fastspeed of a large portion
of the projectiles. Entity moves at 30% speed again and sub-Entity receives the
full 2970 health instead of only 990 on competitive modes.



*** General ***

- Heavy work on the Terminator gamemode:

-> Added outcast_fraglimit CVar: this is the amount of frags the Terminator needs
to win, default 10. These frags are now displayed on the top right of the screen
and announcer sounds are played to replicate the original fraglimit behavior.

-> Terminator round winner(s) (either the Terminator, or everyone else) earn one
point, displayed on the HUD (not scoreboard). The level resets on round end, as
in LMS, and a pointlimit should be set for the map to end (defaults to 3 points)

-> If the terminator dies before morphing into his monster, they will receive it
again on respawning, and can morph into a smaller monster if there is no room as
they will keep receiving their Terminator morph until used.

- Tome of Power now takes 80 seconds to respawn instead of the default 30,
and its use sound should be working again


*** Doom ***

- Arch-Vile is now limited to attacking within 896 units. The original had this
maxtargetrange but could retaliate beyond it if hurt with pain (JUSTHIT)


*** Heretic ***

- Fixed Weredragon's powered-up fire sound looping endlessly if killed


*** Hexen ***

- Fixed Heresiarch sometimes not receiving his tracking item due to packet loss.
Hopefully this is the last time his internal coding will be touched

- Heresiarch's powered-up flame attack now bounces and seeks target as the lava
heads. It should actually be useful now for its high mana cost


*** Strife ***

- Fixed an issue where Strife's HUD would sometimes not show up at all

- Fixed sub-Entity sometimes becoming fully invisible






--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.2   ####



*** General ***

- New gamemode: Terminator! As in the original gamemode, the Terminator sphere
spawns at a random player start, but whoever picks it up gains one of the top
monsters of their class, while the other players remain at their starting rank.
It is effectively one vs. all, as all other players are technically counted as
enemies but are unable to damage each other. The game ends if the Terminator is
killed, in which case all the other players are declared victorious, or if the
fraglimit is reached, granting the Terminator victory. The startrank variable
should be kept at low numbers, and there is no rank progression.

- Fixed bots never receiving a species change (they'd shoot through each other)

- Morph items are now always in the proper order and the new monster will always
be highlighted when ranking up. Additionally, vanilla artifacts are sorted in a
predetermined order when this rearrangement occurs (i.e. spawning or ranking up)
and the Tome of Power, if available, is the first to be selected after morphing.
Thanks to Empyre for commenting on this!

- Added outcast_tomefrag CVar, off by default: controls whether or not players
receive a Tome of Power upon fragging another player.

- Tome of Powers should now respawn like normal items with proper DMFlags set

- Skulltag help screens (when provided) no longer replace Outcast's default.
Futurely, gamemode-specific help screens will be added


*** Doom ***

- Arch-Vile now moves at 20% speed while attacking

- Arachnotron and Spider Mastermind no longer alert monsters when using altfire
(readying their weapons)


*** Heretic ***

- Gargoyle's powered-up attack wasn't working as intended and was dealing absurd
damage. It now shoots 2 fireballs instead of 4 upon hitting the melee attack.

- Ophidian's powered-up attack range reduced from 1200 to 800, and damage also
reduced slightly (12-20 instead of 4-32, average 16 instead of 18). It will now
seek targets more consistently, though

- Fixed GLDefs for D'Sparil's powered-up Hellstaff rain

- D'Sparil can now create teleport destinations by using an inventory item.
There is no limit to how many you can create, but the actual teleportation still
costs 10 mana of each type, and will use these destinations in the order they
were created. The spots are only visible to D'Sparil and can only be destroyed
by him. Note that multiple D'Sparil players will share these spots and can see
and destroy each others' teleport destinations as well.


*** Hexen ***

- Stalker consumes mana faster while submerged (every 34 tics instead of 40)
and heals only 1 health point per 1 mana (instead of 2)

- Fixed infinite morphing on Zedek, Traductus and Menelkir with hitboxes on

- Korax's regular projectiles didn't have fastspeeds. Whoops!


*** Strife ***

- Hopefully fixed all issues regarding sub-Entity swapping and health control

- Fixed Strife puffs spawning on actors for real this time

- Fixed the last instance of the "where's my rank bar?" bug, again on Strife.
You can now safely switch between classes and have your progress properly stored

- Fixed the Inquisitor's flight sound looping endlessly if killed while flying

- The Entity moves slightly slower now (27.5% instead of 30% speed)

- Fixed missing sub-Entity pain sound






--------------------------------------------------------------
####   version 1.11   ####


v1.10 -> v1.11: fixed bots starting with no mana; they now start with full mana.


*** General ***

- Added full support for the outcast_hitbox CVar. Competitive gamemodes are now
fully playable.

- Added outcast_morphrandom CVar: when enabled, ranks are discarded entirely and
players instead receive a random monster of their class when spawning.
(If there is not enough room for that monster, another will be randomly chosen.)

- Added outcast_startmana CVar: this is the minimum amount of mana you will have
every time you (re)spawn or rank up.

- some Doom and Heretic fastspeeds were adjusted, and many were added to Hexen
projectiles. Strife's only projectiles that needed it were Crusader missiles.
sv_fastmonsters 1 is essential for competitive gamemodes

- Proper gibhealth values added to all monsters that can be gibbed - Doom's
are equal to their negative health and other games', half their negative health

- Regeneration sound is now the item pickup sound for each class (instead of the
game default's item pickup sound)


*** Doom ***

- Cyberdemon's powered-up rocket no longer inflicts self damage

- Green mana is now properly highlighted as the Cacodemon's ammo type on the HUD


*** Heretic ***

- Fixed Ophidian weapon sprites appearing for the Iron Lich when out of mana

- Fixed D'Sparil's weapon staying powered-up after the Tome of Power expired


*** Hexen ***

- Reiver now has the floatbob flag to further emulate the creature's movement


*** Strife ***

- Strife gib sprites fixed. They will all be transferred to resources eventually

- Fixed Strife points being lost if changing class before a sub-rank was chosen

- Fixed a number of Strife issues with startrank

- Strife bullets no longer spawn a puff when hitting shootable actors



*/